It's all my fault
Then I misunderstood you before.
Don't I deserve to be misunderstood by you now?
I guess you're right.
I've been singing with you for so many years
You didn't recognize me.
You deserve it now.
Yes I deserve it
So I can only suffer
As long as you can vent your anger
You didn't know it at the time.
The woman by your side is me
We are just a business marriage
Why are you being so nice to me?
Really don't know
Although you were so fat and ugly at that time
But I'm always cruel to you
Only Mrs. Chen once
I couldn't help but lose my temper with you.
But I also regretted it afterwards
After all, I still think I'm fat
No business
I am a man who knows the dead
As long as it's someone I like
I would love him no matter what he looks like
that
If you had known from the beginning that that woman was me
But I'm fat
You will still like me
Will perfunctory me
Why am I perfunctory to you?
I'm not deceiving you either.
Bye as long as it's someone I like
I like him no matter what he looks like
Even if he is the reincarnation of a pig spirit, I will like it
You are the pig spirit
Your whole family is a pig spirit
So my small rent
When will you come home with me?
See your performance
You're on probation right now.
How long will the inspection period be?
that
Just a lifetime
A lifetime.
You dare to study with me for a lifetime